So now when we are done with our registration forum let's work on our logging Forum.
First let us navigate to our page your URL slash logging and see what happens.
So actually this route should be there but you can see that we are being redirected to the slash hole
and this is because if you have followed the last lectures and actually did register and submit the
forum successfully a new account was created and you are also being logged in.
Ultimately when you registered.
So what happens right now is there is another middleware that works there.
When you are authenticated and this is the guest middleware.
So let's see our logging controller it is using the guest middleware for all the routes except log out.
So that includes the logging page logging form and the end point that is actually authenticating us
using the Guard component so to check what this guest Middleware is actually doing.
Let us go to the kernel Phi kernel file inside our HDP folder and in the root middleware definition
you can see that the guest Middleware is some alliance for the redirect.
If I was indicated middleware that happens to be part of our project you can find it in up HDP middleware.
So let's open it.
And this is also an example of the before middleware so it is doing something before it lets us process
the logic inside our Controller.
So you can see that it is using that out for sate and is fetching the guard.
So in our case it will actually fetch that default guard and this check method is just verifying if
the user is out indicated.
So it will return true if the user is actually authenticated.
So again I know I haven't talked about for yet phosphate see it and also the guards weren't really explained
in very much detail but let's assume that we know what it is what it is doing right now.
So we are basically checking using this component if we are authenticated.
Now if we are we'll be redirected using that redirect helper function to this you url.
So that's the place you will modify it to when you'd like your users be redirected when they are signed
in but they would like to visit their logging page.
So let's save the changes in this redirect if out indicated middleware and see again what happens.
So we go to the logging page and we are redirected back to our home page.